Fix #336: Fold "Common pull request workflows" into "Rules for making PRs" (#393)
oppia/oppia-web-developer-docs: Make-a-pull-request.md

Once your feature is ready, you can open a pull request (PR)!

Go to your fork on GitHub, select your branch from the dropdown menu, and click "pull request". Ensure that the base repository is oppia/oppia and that the base branch is develop. The head repository should be your fork, and the head branch should be your branch. If you don't see the repository, click the link to compare across forks. On this page, you can also see your commits and your changes.

### Detailed Instructions

> ![The GitHub PR creation screen](images/makingAPR.png)

Reviewer: The paragraph above describes this image, so the "Detailed Instructions" header should go above the preceding paragraph and just under "Once your feature is ready, ..."

Also, what about "How to make a pull request" instead of "Detailed Instructions" to be a little more descriptive?

Author: Thanks, I'll stick to your guidelines.

* No proof of correctness was needed, but this might not be the case for your PR.
* The CI checks were failing as soon as the PR was opened. If you see this, you should investigate.

### Pull request lifecycle

> ```mermaid

Reviewer: Please add a blank line above the flowchart to make the source file easier to read

Author: Nice, that makes it much clearer to read.

## Step 8: Celebrate

Congratulations, you have successfully contributed to Oppia! 🎉

> ### Tips for Managing Multiple PRs

Reviewer: Hmm I don't think this is really a sub-section of step 8. I'd make it a level 2 heading instead

Author: Sounds reasonable. I'll make it a level 2 heading and add it to the Table of Contents.

1. **Prioritize Existing PRs**:
   - Always prioritize following up on your existing PRs and getting them ready for the next round of review. Only start working on new issues/PRs after **all** the other PRs you're working on are in the "waiting for review" stage. This helps avoid creating a logjam in the build queues.

2. **Create Separate Branches**:
   - Always create a new branch for each pull request. This helps keep your changes isolated and makes it easier to manage multiple PRs.

> 3. **Rebase Frequently**:
>    - Regularly rebase your branches with the latest changes from the `develop` branch to avoid merge conflicts.

Reviewer: Actually, we don't generally rebase at Oppia. We must have forgotten to update this. Instead, let's say:

```suggestion
3. **Update Branches Frequently**:
   - Regularly pull in changes from the `develop` branch to your feature branch. This will help you avoid merge conflicts.
```

Author: You're right. I've already updated it.
